README.md, before:



// Break the program down into simple, individual behaviors with input/output examples. Begin with the simplest possible behavior. List these behaviors (also known as "specs" or "specifications") in the project's README.md file.


# Vacation Suggester

#### Second Epicodus code review project, a basic vacation picker page utilizing what we have learned to date about HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript and jQuery.

#### By Omid Ashtari

## Description

A basic form input page which takes in answers to come up with a vacation destination suggestion.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone this repository.
* Open the HTML, CSS, jQuery and JavaScript docs in your favorite code editor, I prefer Atom and Sublime Text.
* Also open the HTML file in your favorite browser, I prefer Chrome by Google.
* Edit as you wish for your own use.

## Known Bugs

None to my knowledge currently.

## Support and contact details

If you have any questions, do not hesitate to reach me on Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/omid

## Technologies Used

HTML
CSS
Bootstrap
JavaScript
jQuery
gh-pages link (https://oashtari.github.io/vacation-suggester/)

### License

Copyright (c) 2015 Omid Ashtari, Epicodus Evening Course :)

Commit message:

add a variety of experimental changes to js scripts to finally get right output, add all info to README doc other than gh-pages link

README.md, after:



// Break the program down into simple, individual behaviors with input/output examples. Begin with the simplest possible behavior. List these behaviors (also known as "specs" or "specifications") in the project's README.md file.


# Ping Pong array game

#### Third Epicodus code review project, a game converting numbers to words.

#### By Omid Ashtari

## Description

A game where a number is input, and resulting page needs to replace numbers divisible by 3-> "ping", numbers divisible by 5 -> "pong" and divisible by 15 -> "pingpong", while all other numbers are shows as is (e.g. 1 remains a 1, 2 remains a 2, but 3 becomes 'pong'. Program capitalizes on HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript and jQuery.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone this repository.
* Open the HTML, CSS, jQuery and JavaScript docs in your favorite code editor, I prefer Atom and Sublime Text.
* Also open the HTML file in your favorite browser, I prefer Chrome by Google.
* Edit as you wish for your own use.

## Known Bugs

None to my knowledge currently.

## Support and contact details

If you have any questions, do not hesitate to reach me on Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/omid

## Technologies Used

HTML
CSS
Bootstrap
JavaScript
jQuery
gh-pages link (https://oashtari.github.io/vacation-suggester/)

### License

Copyright (c) 2015 Omid Ashtari, Epicodus Evening Course :)
